[easy listening music plays]
[Daniel laughs] Well done. Well done.
I told you there were golf courses
all over Okinawa, man.
I googled it.
It's like one giant green island.
He said he'd never played before.
Beginner luck.
[scoffs] Yeah, right.
I know when I've been hustled.
You insult my honor.
Okay, you are not
at a blackjack table in Atlantic City.
You can't trash-talk a karate assassin.
I'm so sorry, Mr. Chozen.
I-I meant no disrespect at all. I promise.
[tense music plays]
-[Chozen laughs]
-[Daniel] Don't take it personally, guys.
He's been kicking a lot of ass lately.
First round's on me, fellas.
-[Silver] How'd you hit 'em?
-[ominous music plays]
They let anyone join these days, huh?
Or did you slither in
through the garbage chute?
By the way,
how's your sensei search going?
Did I hear you hit a little bit of a snag?
Sabotaging my dojo was not a smart move.
Some might see it as casus belli.
Miyagi-Do will never back down.
You should know that by now.
-I believe you two have met.
-[Silver] Sensei Toguchi.
You might have some old friends
to call upon,
but not as many as me.
I'm giving you the opportunity,
right now, to stand down.
No retaliation.
No repercussions.
All you have to do is stay out of my way.
This is my backyard.
I'm not the one who needs to go.
I actually like this attitude on you.
It's a shame I won't get to see it again,
because if you continue down this path,
nothing in your life
will ever be the same again.
You're playing with fire, Danny Boy.
[quiet ominous music plays]
And I am gasoline.
Boom.
[ominous music crescendos]
[scoffs]
Put these gentlemen's drinks on my tab.
What did that giant Bond villain want?
Nothing. Just wanted
to buy us a round of drinks.
Oh, nice. Hey, let me get a round
of piña coladas for my men here.
Act like you've been here before.
Your most expensive tequila
in the cabinet.
"Piña colada."
We're not at a Sandals Resort.
[Louie] What's wrong with Sandals?
Everything's included.
Breakfast is served.
This is so sweet.
[in Spanish] My dear, I love you so much.
I can't handle this. How wonderful!
Oh, stop, Mom.
[in English] He'll think he can run away,
come back and get the love he wants.
[in Spanish] Uh, yeah. He can.
[in English] Don't worry.
I'm never doing something like that again.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, too, Miggy.
I should've told you the truth
about how I left your father.
You did it for me. I understand that now.
[in Spanish] Oh, how can you
stay mad at him? You just can't!
-[in English] Okay.
-Hey, sorry I'm late.
Graffiti's a bitch to clean off.
You should see my van.
Should be illegal
to deface someone else’s property.
It is.
Well, this looks different.
[Miguel] Yeah, I made it.
Oh, I forgot the orange juice.
Uh, one second.
Everything okay with you and Robby?
Yeah, really good.
Ride home was a little quiet though.
I think things between him
and Miguel are gonna take some time.
Okay, orange juice.
[in Spanish] Oh, Miguel,
are you going to visit your girlfriend?
I bet she misses you.
[in English] Yeah. I think I need
to make an apology meal for Sam too.
[door opens]
[Carmen retches]
Maybe you guys should order in instead.
-[Carmen retches]
-Yeah.
Yo, Sam, did you eat
the entire box of grape Uncrustables?
-There were only two left. Slow your roll.
-It's the principle of it.
I need comfort food too.
What happened?
Get pwned in Fortnite again?
I mean, actually, I just…
I'm having trouble
with this kid from Cobra Kai.
The one you chased and poured milk over?
I-I didn't pour milk.
We put it in a bag in his locker.
It doesn't matter.
He's learning some more karate--
Oh my God. If I don't hear "karate"
for the summer, it will still be too soon.
Why've you been acting so weird? 'Cause
another one of your boyfriends ran away?
Text Moon and Yasmine.
"Brunch today?
Need to get out of the house."
[Daniel] We're under his skin.
That's why he came to the country club.
[Chozen groans]
What did you do?
Tweak yourself on the back nine?
No, couch in guest room not good.
I'm sorry about that.
We used to have a bed,
but it got destroyed
when Cobra Kai broke into our house.
Do not worry. I will not allow them
to attack home again.
[Daniel] We may have stalled them,
but if I know Silver,
he's planning his next move now.
Then we beat him to punch.
He said he'd call upon old friends.
Then we call old friend first.
Do you know any old friend of Silver?
[dramatic music plays]
Mr. Silver,
you just bought yourself a champion.
-[laughs]
-[yells]
Hey!
[Barnes] You suck, LaRusso!
-[referee] On your line!
-[groans]
[Barnes] There's nothing you've got
I can't counter. Your karate's a joke.
Mike fucking Barnes.
You sure you're okay?
I'm not the best cook,
but I can teach the kid a few things.
It's not that.
I've felt sick a lot lately.
I thought it was the stress,
but, Johnny, I-I'm a couple of days late.
For what?
I think I might be pregnant.
What?
How? We use protection.
It's not 100%.
These things can happen.
[Johnny] Okay.
Okay.
Okay, okay. This is a good thing, right?
-Or a bad thing?
-I shouldn't have said anything.
We're getting ahead of ourselves.
I haven't taken a test.
Right, the test.
All right, let's pee on a stick.
I mean, you pee on a stick.
That's still how they do this?
-Yes.
-[Johnny] All right.
-Okay.
Johnny, I'm fine.
Yeah, me too. 100%.
-I'll pull the van around.
-Okay.
[keys clatter]
-Maybe I should drive.
-Yeah, sure. Okay.
Okay.
[rock music plays]
[exhales]
[rock music continues]
Sweet. Thanks, Aurora.
Tell Rico I said hey.
Wow. Man, you are really
going all-in on Miyagi-Do, huh?
[chuckles] It's a lotus flower.
Symbolizes a new beginning,
which is what I have now.
The reaper was a bitch to cover up.
A giant flower was the only option.
-It works.
-[both chuckle]
[sighs]
Hey, Miguel.
You good?
Yeah. Uh, tired from the trip is all.
[Hawk] Yeah, you spent
how many hours in a car with Robby?
I've never seen you around him
without a John Wick-style fight.
For sensei's sake,
I'm trying not to let it get to that.
Even if he deserves it.
Robby says he's done with Cobra Kai.
We'll see how that goes.
[cell phone chimes]
Is that Sam? She finally text back?
Yeah. Says she wants to, uh, talk tonight.
[Demetri hisses]
What did she say exactly?
"We should talk tonight."
What?
It says, "We should talk?"
Oh, brother, you're in deep.
She's right. We should talk.
Last time we spoke, we had a fight.
Yeah, but "We should talk"
is code for "I want to break up."
What? It is?
Not necessarily.
Moon is really big on communication.
-Maybe Sam does just wanna talk?
-No, no. We need more information.
Uh, we should send a trial balloon.
Something that puts the ball in her court.
"Can't wait to see you tonight."
Um, "How are you?"
-That's good.
-Right?
-Yeah.
[Demetri] It's gonna be fine. It's fine.
[cell phone chimes]
[Yasmine chuckles] Desperate.
But cute.
He knows he's in deep shit.
I just… I feel like
things have been off lately.
There's so much I wanna say.
Maybe I should just… lay it all out?
No!
No, less is more.
I'm with Yas. It's better
to have these conversations in person.
Mm-hm. Keep it short, not sweet.
"I'm okay."
Should I add a smiley face or something?
-No!
-Definitely.
[sighs]
-[cell phone chimes]
-[Miguel and Demetri sigh]
-That's bad. There's not even an emoji.
-Yeah, man, she is not okay.
You need to do something
to turn this around stat.
What do I do?
I think I have an idea.
[rock music crescendos]
There he is.
[dramatic music plays]
[Daniel] Karate's bad boy.
Eh, he does not look so bad to me.
[Daniel] Yeah, well,
that guy tried to kill me once.
You don't forget
or forgive something like that.
[engine revs]
Except you. You and I, we're good.
[tense music plays]
What's he got there? Some sort of handsaw?
Good for cutting pipe.
[tense music continues]
That one, good for cutting bone.
[Daniel] Looks like he's got
some goons working for him.
Ah, easy for me to handle.
No, I don't want you
getting in any more fights.
I'll take care of this.
Daniel-san, you cannot go alone.
Don't worry.
I'm gonna do
exactly what Mr. Miyagi would do.
And what is that?
Avoid the fight. Right?
[tense music crescendos]
Hi.
Morning after pill or pregnancy test?
-Is it that obvious?
-One pregnancy test, please.
Or two, or however many come in a box.
Aisle two. Plenty of options.
All right.
And also,
I'm gonna need a refund for these.
They do not work.
There's no way these were purchased
at a real pharmacy.
It doesn't matter. I want my money back.
Is that the best one? We can buy
the premium version, whatever you like.
Johnny, take a breath.
[sighs] Sorry, yeah.
When Shannon was pregnant, I wasn't ready.
I felt useless.
I don't wanna be that guy again.
I understand.
Miguel was a surprise too. I was scared.
But now we have each other. Right?
Right.
[baby cries]
[man] Please, stop crying.
[baby wails]
Please.
[baby continues crying]
Oh God, now I think I'm gonna get sick.
-Looks like you're still not ready.
-Shit. Carmen, wait.
Johnny, this should be simple,
and you're making me nervous.
-I'll take the test later.
-Okay.
Maybe in the meantime, you can figure out
how not to be that guy again.
[baby cries]
Yeah.
Moon, this place is so you.
Isn't it?
When Eli and I broke up the first time,
there was a lot of negative energy.
This place helped cut through the noise.
Which is why I brought you here.
You gotta find yourself.
Figure out who you really are.
They also do facials. So…
What is this, exactly?
This is a self-actualization pod.
-So like a sensory deprivation tank?
-Oh, no, no, no. No.
They don't call them that anymore.
It's not about deprivation.
It's about connection
with your innermost self.
Thanks, but I'm still gonna pass.
I have nightmares
about drowning in shallow water.
Wow. That's dark.
Sam, ever since the tournament,
you've been off balance.
It's clear there's been
some tension with Miguel.
The only thing
you're gonna find in this pod is yourself.
That's not so scary, right?
I got Yasmine a charm bracelet here,
plus a charm for every fight we have.
She can barely lift her arm now.
Okay, explain to me again
why I have to buy expensive jewelry.
Maybe Sam is okay, and you guys
are just reading too much into it.
My friend, this is a five-alarm fire.
If anything,
we're not reading into it enough. Okay?
[woman] Can I help you find something?
Um, yes. I'm looking
for something special for my girlfriend.
That's so sweet!
Is it a birthday, an anniversary?
He left the country without telling her
during the biggest karate fight
of her life.
That's a new one.
[clears throat] How about
a nice pair of earrings?
How much is that?
The octopus?
It's perfect.
But I don't think
I'm gonna be able to afford it.
Actually, it's been reduced.
Reduced?
Great. How much?
After tax, $182.
[sighs]
Do you maybe have one
with fewer tentacles?
[suspenseful music plays]
[Barnes] It's good to be back in business.
Just like old times, right?
Hey, don't worry about me. I'm ready.
I've been telling you to get rid
of that Italian piece of shit for years.
Ah, flew in from Japan.
Wow, that's dedication.
You think that scares me?
By the time I'm finished with them,
they're gonna be unrecognizable.
You know, I think I know
exactly how to do it.
I think I'm gonna start
by cutting off their legs.
You know what? Enough chitchat.
Let's get down to brass tacks.
Now, for me to do my very best,
I'm gonna need 50%.
You owe me that much
after what happened last time. [laughs]
Yeah, it's gonna be fun.
Oh yeah.
Those kids are in for a big surprise.
Barnes, no!
Listen to me, you son of a bitch.
I'm not gonna have you or your ponytailed
pimp lay one finger on any of our kids.
Daniel LaRusso?
You got that right, shithead.
You hear me, you sick bastard?
I'm onto you
and I'm onto the whole goddamn thing.
[woman] I'm sorry, who is this?
-And what happened to Michael?
-Who's this?
Everything okay, Mr. Barnes?
I heard yelling.
Yes. Yes, everything's fine.
Thank you, Phil.
Michelle?
Yeah, I promise
I will have the Japanese cedar chairs done
by the time the school opens.
I'm gonna send over a couple of my guys
to pick up the Florentine table.
Fine.
40% commission.
Done.
What's going on here?
You work in a furniture store?
Daniel, I own the furniture store.
[easy listening music plays]
[music stops]
[rock music plays]
Bun in the oven?
There is a lot of work to do
before your little blessing arrives.
Let's get to it.
Tuck the swaddle behind the ear.
[rock music continues]
Pick up the head like this, gently.
And just like that…
Oh, shit.
…you'll be ready
when the real one arrives.
Your little miracle
needs a healthy, organic diet.
[rock music continues]
[groans]
[woman] Your little one
will pick up on negative influences,
so make sure your space is baby friendly.
[rock music continues]
[woman] Don't think it's over yet,
because you need to look
in every nook and cranny
for things like mold,
pests, and other hazards.
[rock music continues]
Oh shit!
[woman] And if you think this was hard,
wait till the baby arrives.
[rock music fades]
Mike, once again, I apologize.
My life has been
a little out of sorts lately.
If there is one guy in this world
that doesn't owe me an apology,
believe me, it's you.
Look, man, I'm so sorry
for the things that I said
back in the day, the things that I did.
Man, I have wanted
to apologize to you so many times.
I-I guess I was worried
it would trigger something.
You know, I thought maybe it was just best
to leave the past where it is.
Ah, that's a good idea.
I'm just trying to wrap my head
around Mike Barnes, Furniture King.
Well, Furniture Co-King.
I run it with my wife.
It's actually her dad's place.
Well, it was her dad's place.
After the All Valley tournament,
my life was ruined.
I mean, I was lost. I was banned
from karate, which was all I knew.
So I found myself working odd jobs.
One day I'm moving furniture,
and I meet my future father-in-law.
He showed me I could do something
with these hands other than fight.
[sighs] I don't know, there's just
something about taking a piece of sycamore
and just creating something
that a family can sit around at a holiday,
and, I don't know, it just feels right.
-Wow. Man, talk about a 180.
-[Mike laughs]
Yeah, I know. Hey, what about you, huh?
I've seen your commercials.
You know, chopping down prices.
I'm really happy
that things have worked out for you.
Yeah, well, it's…
They actually aren't working out
so great lately.
[tense music plays]
[echoes] Sam, what are you doing here?
I'm not sure.
I'm supposed to be figuring out who I am.
What do you mean? You're LaRusso 2.0.
[tense music continues]
Sam, you're one of the girls.
The girl who broke my heart.
You're the girl who lost.
[tense music continues]
You're my girlfriend, Sam.
Why can't you just be supportive?
[tense music continues]
[Daniel] LaRusso 2.0.
-[Robby] The girl who broke my heart.
-[Moon] One of the girls.
-[Miguel] You're my girlfriend, Sam.
-[Daniel] What are you doing here?
-[Hawk] You're the girl who lost.
-[Robby] The girl who broke my heart.
-[Moon] One of the girls.
-[dramatic music plays]
[Tory] I know
exactly who you are, Princess.
[Sam breathes heavily]
[tense music plays]
Tory?
[tense music continues]
[tense music intensifies]
[grunting]
[dramatic music plays]
[tense music plays]
[grunting]
[yells]
[Sam panting]
-[dramatic music plays]
-[grunts]
[grunting]
[dramatic music continues]
[Sam panting]
-[grunts]
-[groans]
[breathing heavily]
Oh my gosh.
I had the most incredible vision.
I was a drop of dew
glistening in the moonlight.
Are you okay?
[Yasmine] Was your pod broken too?
My water was freezing.
Wasn't it enlightening? What'd you see?
[tense music plays]
[sighs] So Silver finally got
what he was after.
Not yet. Not if I have
anything to say about it.
To have this psycho
invading your life again,
I can't imagine what that's like.
I came here because I thought
he might be recruiting you again.
And now I'm just hoping
that you could help me stop him.
Anything you could tell me
that might bring this guy down?
I need something.
I mean, I haven't even seen him in years.
I just don't know what I could do to help.
I understand.
I'm actually kind of relieved.
It's nice to know there are ex-Cobra Kai
who don't wanna get in a fight with me.
If you ever wanted a rematch,
you know where to find me.
[laughs] Look at you.
You're looking good there.
Left side, like you like.
-Watch this one.
-[Chozen yells]
Chozen, no!
They show no mercy, we show them no mercy!
-[Barnes groans]
-No, you don't understand!
-[Chozen] What do you mean?
-[Barnes grunts]
[dramatic music plays]
[Barnes growls]
[dramatic music continues]
[grunting]
-Ooh!
-[dramatic music continues]
[grunting]
Chozen! Guys, stop!
[Barnes grunts]
[dramatic music fades]
-[dramatic music resumes]
-[grunting]
-[Daniel] No!
-[groaning]
Guys, whoa! Stop! Just stop!
Chozen, he didn't attack me.
He's on the same side.
Wait a minute. This guy's with you?
What the hell, Daniel?
This is just a giant misunderstanding.
Oh. If this is misunderstanding,
you better call ambulance.
[men groan]
[tense music plays]
[tense music fades]
Hey, sensei.
Do you, uh, have a second?
I-I need your advice.
-Yeah.
-[Miguel] I, uh…
[sniffs]
What is that smell?
It's either paint thinner or pesticide.
Don't worry, it'll air out in a few days.
Breathe through your mouth.
What's with the, uh…
What's with the place?
Oh, it's, uh…
Don't worry. Making a few changes.
-Have a seat.
-[Miguel] Okay.
-Want milk? I got a fridge full of it.
-Nah, I'm good. Thanks.
Uh, okay, um…
I think Sam and I are having issues,
and I've been talking
to Hawk and Demetri about it, but--
Hawk's a stud but I wouldn't trust
a word that dork Demetri has to say.
-He's had a girlfriend for a while.
-I'm sure she's a real looker.
Anyway, um, I'm supposed
to meet with Sam tonight,
but I have this feeling
she's still mad at me,
and I wanna fix it,
but we haven't spoken in a while.
And honestly, I'm not even sure
what I'm supposed to say.
[pensive music plays]
I've been there.
How about the truth?
We all get shit wrong sometimes.
Some of us get it wrong a lot.
If you own up to your mistakes,
you have a shot at making things right.
You don't have to have it all figured out.
Just be honest.
See where it goes from there.
That's actually some really good advice.
Yeah, I guess it is. [sighs]
[pensive music fades]
[sighs] Once again, I'm sorry, Mike.
I mean, Silver has us all on edge.
[sighs] I can see that.
The only thing I can think of is,
back in the day,
Silver had this shady-ass attorney.
This guy was totally off the books.
As a matter of fact,
he did my contract for me.
I mean, what kind of attorney
draws up the paperwork
detailing the terms
of one teenager terrorizing another?
He made you sign a contract?
I made them put it in writing.
The guy did promise me 50% of Cobra Kai.
If people know this contract existed,
Silver's reputation would be destroyed.
They'd never let Cobra Kai compete again.
This is exactly what we need.
Tell me you still have it.
Daniel, no way.
I mean… [sighs] I might be able
to dig up that attorney's name.
[Chozen sighs contentedly]
I see you're liking
that tufted blue suede.
-Mmm. Comfy.
-[Barnes] Mmm.
How much?
Well, it's normally 1,200,
but what the hell?
For you?
Two grand.
Hi, I'm calling in regard
to a former client of yours, Terry Silver.
This is very urgent. Please give me
a call back ASAP when you get this.
Thank you.
I got the lawyer's voicemail.
Hopefully, he calls us back.
Okay. Careful.
Don't get blood on the couch.
-Very expensive.
-[Daniel chuckles]
[gentle music plays]
[Miguel] Hey.
Hey.
Um…
Look, Sam, I owe you an apology.
I shouldn't have abandoned you like that.
I was trying to start a new chapter
and figure out my past.
But I wasn't thinking about you.
Or us.
Uh, even all the way back to prom--
Miguel, you…
You don't need to explain.
I mean, I'm sorry too.
I was only thinking about myself. I…
[gentle music continues]
I was so wrapped up in the tournament.
I wasn't being sensitive
to what you were going through.
As hard as it was
to be on the other side of that…
I really respect you for taking the time
you needed to find yourself.
But
now I need that time too.
Ever since my dad opened the dojo,
my whole life has been about karate.
It-It's affected
all the relationships in my life.
With my family. With my friends.
With you.
I just…
I need a little break
to figure out who I am
outside of all that.
When you say "break," what do you…
What do you mean?
A break from karate?
A break from me?
I'm not okay right now.
[gentle music continues]
I don't think I will be
until I figure this out for myself.
I just need to take the time to do that.
But it doesn't mean
that we can't still be friends.
Just not, uh, boyfriend and girlfriend.
[gentle music continues]
[Sam] I don't even know
if this is what I want.
But… I know it's what I need.
Um…
Look, I understand.
I want what's best for you, always.
You know that.
[gentle music continues]
It doesn't mean
we can't be friends, right?
Promise?
Of course.
So I should, uh, probably get going.
But… call me whenever, okay?
Yeah. [inhales]
Okay.
[gentle music continues]
[gentle music fades]
Johnny…
What's going on?
-You did all this today?
-Yep. Just trying to be prepared.
You know, just in case.
This whole apartment is baby-proofed.
Just try to stick your finger
in any of the sockets. It's a lost cause.
Oh, and did you know
that babies can hear music in the womb?
I adjusted the headphones
to fit around your stomach.
There's Sabbath in there, but you could
put in Metallica, Dokken, whatever.
Metallica. Always.
This morning, I didn't think
I could be one of those lame dads
with the baby carrier,
the diapers, and all that crap.
But if it means I'm doing it with you,
our child,
I'll do whatever it takes.
I know you would.
I can't promise
I won't screw up from time to time.
But I can promise I won't run away.
I won't back down.
I have something to confess.
I couldn't wait. I took the test.
[Johnny exhales deeply]
-Whatever it says, I'm ready.
-[Carmen] Good.
Because…
we're having a baby.
-Badass!
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-[Carmen giggles]
-[uplifting music plays]
[uplifting music fades]
[sighs]
Morning.
Nothing like a good steam
to start the day off right.
[Daniel on phone] I'm calling in regard
to a former client of yours, Terry Silver.
This is very urgent. Please give me
a call back ASAP when you get this.
-Thank you.
-[phone beeps]
[tense music plays]
I warned ya.
-What are you doing here?
-[Silver] Oh.
You and I are gonna be seeing
a lot more of each other.
First, I'm gonna deal with my old friend.
[tense music continues]
And then I'll deal with you.
I told you not to play with fire.
[tense music intensifies]
[fire crackles]
[sirens wail]
Oh God.
[tense music crescendos]
[theme music plays]